docs: make contributing.md more contributor-friendly (#27913)
vercel/next.js: contributing.md

# Contributing to Next.js

Read about our [Commitment to Open Source](https://vercel.com/oss). To
contribute to [our examples](examples), please see **[Adding
examples](#adding-examples)** below.

## Developing

The development branch is `canary`, and this is the branch that all pull

> requests should be made against. On a release, the relevant parts of the changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requests should be made against. On a stable release, the changes
```

> in the `canary` branch are rebased into `master`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the `canary` branch are rebased into `master`. The changes on the `canary`
branch are published to the `@canary` dist-tag daily.
```

If you need to clean the project for any reason, use `yarn clean`.

## Testing

Make sure you have `chromedriver` installed, and it should match your Chrome version.
You can install it with:

> - `apt install chromium-chromedriver` on Ubuntu/Debian

Reviewer 2: i think on debian it's actually `chromium-driver`. see https://packages.debian.org/bullseye/chromium-driver

Author: I tested this directly—`chromium-chromedriver` was the most recommended package in search results and seems to be maintained by the Ubuntu MOTU devs.

It installs standalone Chromium and then the corresponding chromedriver.

https://packages.ubuntu.com/bionic/chromium-chromedriver

Reviewer 2: afaik ubuntu does not follow debian in this case, because the chromium package on debian is distributed as a `snap` package

Author: OK, we can change it. Good note.
